{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 BankGothic-Medium;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Copperplate;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue153;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\margb1800\margt1800
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec0 Vynal Submission Guidelines\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural

\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
revision: 1.0 Pre-Alpha Release (r9 aug 16 2013)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Http://ipwndeveloper.wordpress.com\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \strokec0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\qc\pardirnatural
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	First and for most I would like to thank you for showing interest in my little experiment. Vynal is a new platform for distributing mobile content to mobile devices, granting access to apps not usually available on the the licensed 3rd Party AppStore, such as tweaks, themes and emulators. This document will change as time goes on so please insure that you are basing your apps around the latest version available here:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gb4iphone.x10.mx/dev/meta.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \strokec2 http://gb4iphone.x10.mx/dev/meta.html}}. \
\
	For your app or tweak to be accepted on the app market, a basic rule of shall remain constant: If your media contains Pirated or stolen materials or links to stolen or pirated code, they will not be accepted. If your app is adware or spyware it will not be accepted. If your applications modifies the native filesystem and the function is not desired, it will be pulled.\
\
	File System guidelines, filesystem must be in a clean presentable order PHP will not be executed on our servers however it is acceptable to be run on outside servers. Please place the application into a compressed archive (ZIP, RAR,7zip, etc) before uploading.\
//package id (appname%20%developer)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	startup@2x.png\
	appletouch@2x.png\
	offlinecache.manifest\
	install.mobileconfig\
	screenshot1.png\
	screenshot2.png\
	index.html\
	\\resources\\\
		\\css\\\
		\\img\\\
		\\js\\\
//end\
\
	At the time of writing all storage of user data must be done using offlinecache manifest as the SQL database is currently not set up for multiple apps. \
\
\
App Maximum Storage Space Consumed 50 Megabytes. This may increase or decrease as needed and any app is and may be removed or pulled at anytime with ought notice.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qc\pardirnatural

\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Guidelines\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1.0 Adware\
	1.1 Adware will not be allowed, any ad just for the purpose of collecting revenue 	will not be rejected and change.\
	1.2 Absolutely No Lite, or Demo Software will be accepted. Betas are OK.\
2.0 Content\
	2.1 Applications that change content after submission and are designed to use 	URL spoofing  or falsify content will be removed.\
	2.2 Applications that use iFrames or other means to automatically push updates 	from a 3rd party server will not be accepted.\
	2.3 Applications that contain pirated material, music, videos, or any such content 	will not be accepted.\
	2.4 Applications that need be requested to be pulled email 	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:support@gb4iphone.x10.mx"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \strokec2 support@gb4iphone.x10.mx}} to resolve the issue.\
	2.5 Applications that violate the users privacy in anyway will be rejected.\
	2.6 Applications that duplicate the functionality of existing content will be 	automatically rejected.(ie: apps that are just links to existing websites)\
	2.7 In App Purchases or Subscription based applications will be rejected.\
	2.8 Application Content updates must be re-submitted for review.\
	\
3.0 Device Modifications\
	3.1 Applications that modify the users device in an unwanted, or unwarrented 	way will be rejected.\
	3.2 Applications that use Location API with out user consent will be rejected.\
\
Conclusion\
	Most likely if your application or tweak is submitted it will be accepted if it 	generally follows the rules above. We have attempted to make an connection 	between the free market and the walled garden approach and we believe we 	succeeded in doing so. \
\
So You think you are ready to publish your app/tweak/theme?\
Does your app follow All the guidelines? Is the UI Usable? Does it contain banned content? Is your app with all resources needed (excluding hosted JS API) and under 50 Megabytes(without out compression archive)?\
\
When your content is completed please email it to: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:uploadto@vynal.gb4iphone.10.mx"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \strokec2 uploadto@vynal.gb4iphone.10.mx}} \
 in a Compressed Archive (rar,zip,7zip,gzip,tar).\
Average Review time is two weeks, and application may not be approved.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tqr\tx9360\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f2\fs20 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Vynal App Market	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gb4iphone.x10.mx"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \strokec2 http://gb4iphone.x10.mx}}
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \

\f2\fs20 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Copyright iPwndeveloper 2013	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ipwndeveloper.wordpress.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \strokec2 http://ipwndeveloper.wordpress.com}} }